King's Journey Instructions

There are three main interfaces to this program: The Start Menu, The Game Interface, and the Game Over Screen.

1. The Start Menu

The first interface will be the start menu where you will be given a choice from 0,1,2 where 1 creates
a new game, 2 asks for a savefile name and loads the game, and 0 that terminated the program. If you enter 
anything aside from those choices the game will give you a prompt to enter a valid choice and clears and displays
the start menu again.

2. The Game Interface

The game interface is where you would be spending most of your time trying to answer the puzzle. At the moment I only
placed one hard puzzle and I plan on making a choice of easy, medium, and hard if I had the time. If you picked 1 in 
the start menu, the program will read a text file that contains a blank board and compares it to the hard puzzle I
placed and picks 18-20 random spaces to fill-up. The first(1) and last square(49) will always be given. The game is self
clearing everytime you make a move and changes the move count everytime you make a valid move. Only moves that are inside
the board would be valid and any move that would be outside the board would return a prompt that says the previous move
was invalid; this won't update the move counter as well. You have 8 choices of moves and if you make a wrong move or move 
to a square that you have previously moved at the game will display the [Game Over] screen. You will have a choice to 
continue or to quit. If you picked continue then you would resume with your previous position prior to the mistake. If 
you picked quit then is will still bring you back to the game screen but display the correct path. If you finished the
game correctly it would also display the correct path from start to end with a congratulatory message at the end saying
"Well Done!". If you load a game it would resume like normal. Included in the zip file is a saved game with the file name
"savefile" that you can use to simulate a loaded game. Quit will terminate the game immediately. If you choose an answer 
not included in the given choices the game will prompt you to answer correctly.

3. Game Over Screen

Is a screen that would be displayed if you make a mistake and it would prompt you to choose to continue or quit with a
time limit of 10 seconds. If you choose quit it would chow the correct path first then end the program. If you choose to
continue it would resume the game like normal.


Hope you enjoy testing my program! :D
Angelo Jasper Quinlat | UV3L
 